# Stuff to fix / add

- use spawn animations in list elements, actually animate scrolling with y scale changes

- Add options to FrameworkLib to make HUDs clien-side only (server-side elements, client-side display entities)
  - use this in FancyPlayerShop

- Limit hover events distance. players shouldn't be able to hover on stuff thats too far away. add a max distance config setting

- Fix broken crafting recipe in Prom2 server
  - it works fine in local test server, but no on the public prom2 one

- Replace manual stash messages with a utility method
  - caller calls StashManager.sendGiveItemsMessage(playerUUID, "You picked up {} incompatible {} from the product display", givenAmount, item)
  - caller calls StashManager.sendStashedItemsMessage(playerUUID, "{} {} that didn't fit in your inventory have been sent to your stash", stashedAmount, item)

- add ae2 compatibility
  - product displays don't pull any item by default but require manual restocking.
    - Crafting them with an interface and a controller allows them to pull items from nearby inventories, or something annoying like that
  - each tier can become wireless by crafting it with a wireless transmitter
  - SPECIFY CAPABILITIES AND CAPACITY RIGHT UNDER THE NAME IN GREY. use a compact format, nothing fancy. don't change the name

- add shop setting to change HUD distance
- add shop settings for click and scroll sounds (scrollable volume bar, mute with volume == 0)
- add shop setting to send everything to the stash, skipping the inventory
  - replace hand written inventory checks and calls with a generic give() method that checks for this option and also adds extra items to the stash
- add shop setting to change element max render distance
  - This must be PER-PLAYER.
  - meaning the server needs to override the entity's max render distance when sending packets to each player based on their personal settings

- add an undo command & chat message click command to undo item buy actions
  - add undos for product display deletion too. moving a product display doesn't need undos
  - add undos for product display transfer
  - make undos expire after the next undoable action or after 5 seconds

- Restrict product display placement to the owner's claims (Open Parties and Claims mod compatibility)
  - do something about ownership transfer, idk if it would bypass this or what
  - placing on chunk borders should be fine. you can already place ae2 components on claim borders, why not shops?
  - limit pulls to inventories players can access in survival, be that manually or through other mods.
  - e.g. don't pull from locked chests or creative storage blocks or other similar stuff
  - no idea how to check for this

- make the sliding in text auto scroll possible to turn off. call it "smooth text scrolling" or something

- add commands that let you change every setting. maybe from FrameworkConfig?
- add a /reload command. auotmatically generated by frameworkconfig too
  - add a onConfigReload() callback

- cache text and fancytext value width and height.
- update them on Text change

- Fix items not showing their type or data in the name:
  - tipped arrows
  - some spawners?
  - enchanted books [Custom behaviour, vanilla doesn't show the name]
  - banne patterns [Custom behaviour, vanilla doesn't show the name]
  - music discs [Custom behaviour, vanilla doesn't show the name]
  - smithing template [Custom behaviour, vanilla doesn't show the name]

- "top shops" list that shows the shops that made the most money in the specified timeframe
  - This is separate from the list of shops in the main menu. you access this from the stats
- "best customers" list that shows the players that spent the most money in the specified timeframe
  - This is separate from the list of shops in the main menu. you access this from the stats

- add a bar at the left of HUDs that shows how long is left until they despawns

- add performance options to skip unimportant animations and hide product displays when the TPS goes below certain thresholds

- allow players to transfer entire shops

- add Jade mod compatibility
  - Show a nicer name when the player looks at UI elements
    - add an overridable method that returns a name for jade
  - Show a nicer name when the player looks at product displays
    - use the overridable method that returns a name for jade

- add a system to preorder items
  - you can buy in advance and your items will be sent to the stash as soon as they are available in the product display
  - you get a refund if the order is not fullfilled within a specified amount of real life days (only missing items)

- Add configurable size bitmaps
  - use them as 3d texture to make simple 3d models
  - add vendor profile lookup menus
  - create 3d renderings of player skins to use in the profile of a seller/vendor
    - get the texture data from the player cache, read the pixels and create one bitmap per face
    - 72 entities per player model
    - hide when tps are low
  - or use fake players if they can be scaled down. this needs to be looked into
    - might be useful for placeable npcs with the player's skin or something

Cleanup:
    - add @NotNull and @Null to everything
    - Check and/or add documentation comments to all methods and classes. use <p> to separate paragraphs (put on its own line)
    - delete commented code
    - complete todos and fixmes
    - remove spaces between if, for, while, do, else and (
    - use a single space between ) and {
    - Make sure that final variables, members and parameters are actually declared as final
    - check protection level of all members and methods
